

What should the general call flow look like?

1. Begin by inputting member information and store Id
	a. This will result in member being checked to be valid. This will require 
		Patient name and DOB to make sure they are matching
	b. Store Id will be queried to make sure that it is a valid store member 
		And able to use the Assure api

2. Once those are confirmed the user will be moved to the next menu that will 
	ask for ingredients for the compound. 
	a. At this point there will be an auto complete function for the inputs that will 
		either query an already set up database of common ingredients to make things 
		simpler for those who are typing in the compound
	b. If an ingredient is an unknown it will be queried using the health-products api and 
		added to the DB for faster look up times in the future 
	c. Once all of the information has been added, and all the required fields have been 
		inputted then there will be a call to the Backend API to inform if the compound
		will be covered or not

3. User will be moved to a new page where the confirmation will be displayed if something is covered or not.
	a. This screen must include reference numbers for the pharmacy because they are still subject to audit 


Problems 

- Any ingredients being passed into the fields first need to be matched to an Ingredient. When the application is loaded 
	the autofill values can also be loaded in the background, even though they are not currently going to be used in the first card
	of the front end 

- A passed in ingredient with null values is fine, but will have to be manually checked in the db, if not present in the db, then 
	the canadian api can be queried to autopopulate the db when something new is passed in that is a known active ingredient

- How should the back end be handled? If a new drug is being added and it is a powder, it will not have a din number, and therefore
	will have to be searched via the name only. Therefore a name will be required for sure. Searching via the DIN should be done firstly
	If no DIN is present, then use the name of the ingredient to query next. Realistically active ingredients is all that needs to be 
	known. But it might be best to set up a DIN because it will be useful for their PDIN use in the end